feat: provide better support for non-decimal currencies (#309)
dinerojs/dinero.js: website/data/docs/guides/integrating-with-payment-services.mdx

## Integrating with Paypal

> The [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/) payment platform provides APIs to process payments and manage orders. Unlike most platforms, it expects a money representation with an amount in major currency units. You can use [`toDecimal`](/docs/api/formatting/to-decimal) to retrieve this value.

Author: Hmm, "retrieve" works better here I believe because the user's goal is to "get" the value, not to format.

> The [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/) payment platform provides APIs to process payments and manage orders. Unlike most platforms, it expects a money representation with an amount in major currency units. You can use [`toDecimal`](/docs/api/formatting/to-decimal) to retrieve this value.

Reviewer: Sounds good, my logic was that `toDecimal` is one of the format functions.

> The [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/) payment platform provides APIs to process payments and manage orders. Unlike most platforms, it expects a money representation with an amount in major currency units. You can use [`toDecimal`](/docs/api/formatting/to-decimal) to retrieve this value.

Author: Maybe this could be rewritten into:

```suggestion
The [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/) payment platform provides APIs to process payments and manage orders. Unlike most platforms, it expects a string representation with an amount in major currency units. You can use [`toDecimal`](/docs/api/formatting/to-decimal) to format the object and pass this value to Paypal.
```

> The [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/) payment platform provides APIs to process payments and manage orders. Unlike most platforms, it expects a money representation with an amount in major currency units. You can use [`toDecimal`](/docs/api/formatting/to-decimal) to retrieve this value.

Reviewer: Very nice.

```js
const paypal = require('@paypal/checkout-server-sdk');
const { dinero, toSnapshot, toDecimal } = require('dinero.js');
const { USD } = require('@dinero.js/currencies');

function toPaypalMoney(dineroObject) {
  const { currency, scale } = toSnapshot(dineroObject);

  return {

>     value: toDecimal(dineroObject, ({ value }) => value),

Author: Good catch!
